README.md, before:

# Professional README Generator
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Description

  A command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package.

  ## Table of Contents 

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)

  ## Installation

  On the homepage of my repo, click on the green `Code` button.  Download the zip file and copy it to a directory of your choice or clone to a directory of your choice using your terminal. Open the file in VS Code. Open the terminal in VS Code and make sure you’re in the root directory ‘pro-README-gen'. You’ll now be ready to run the app!

  ## Usage

  After installation is complete, run the following code: ‘node index.js’ in the terminal. Answer the prompts and after completion, the file called `Generated-README.md` will be updated with your changes. It’s generated in mark down syntax so you can copy and paste that code into your project!

  ## Credits
How To Create Interactive Command-line Prompts with Inquirer.js. (2019, January 17). DigitalOcean. Retrieved August 27, 2023, from https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/nodejs-interactive-command-line-prompts

inquirer. (2022, April 28). inquirer - npm. Retrieved August 27, 2023, from https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer/v/8.2.4

Markdown License Badges for your Project · GitHub. (n.d.). GitHub Gist. Retrieved August 29, 2023, from https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba

Open source license usage on GitHub.com. (2015, March 9). The GitHub Blog. Retrieved August 27, 2023, from https://github.blog/2015-03-09-open-source-license-usage-on-github-com/

Professional README Guide | The Full-Stack Blog. (2022, October 27). GitHub Pages. Retrieved August 27, 2023, from https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide

Writing files with Node.js. (n.d.). NodeJS Dev. Retrieved August 28, 2023, from https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/writing-files-with-nodejs/

  ## Tests
  
 N/A

  ## License
  https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt
  Copyright (c) 2012-2023 Scott Chacon and others

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
    a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
    "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
    without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
    distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
    permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
    the following conditions:
    
    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
    included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
    
    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
    EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
    NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
    LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
    OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
    WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

  ## Additional Questions
  github.com/sgoodsss
  Email: sarahlgoodell1@gmail.com

Commit message:

Added in screencastify video to README

README.md, after:

# Professional README Generator
  [![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

  ## Description

  A command-line application that dynamically generates a professional README.md file from a user's input using the Inquirer package.

  ## Table of Contents 

  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)

  ## Installation

  On the homepage of my repo, click on the green `Code` button.  Download the zip file and copy it to a directory of your choice or clone to a directory of your choice using your terminal. Open the file in VS Code. Open the terminal in VS Code and make sure you’re in the root directory ‘pro-README-gen'. You’ll now be ready to run the app!

  ## Usage

  After installation is complete, run the following code: ‘node index.js’ in the terminal. Answer the prompts and after completion, the file called `Generated-README.md` will be updated with your changes. It’s generated in mark down syntax so you can copy and paste that code into your project!  Please watch the video linked below for a tutorial.

  ![Screen Recording of App](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1P_-J5fLZghvW-kjZCfleabTCQCs1XL1u/view?usp=sharing)
  https://drive.google.com/file/d/1P_-J5fLZghvW-kjZCfleabTCQCs1XL1u/view?usp=sharing


  ## Credits
How To Create Interactive Command-line Prompts with Inquirer.js. (2019, January 17). DigitalOcean. Retrieved August 27, 2023, from https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/nodejs-interactive-command-line-prompts

inquirer. (2022, April 28). inquirer - npm. Retrieved August 27, 2023, from https://www.npmjs.com/package/inquirer/v/8.2.4

Markdown License Badges for your Project · GitHub. (n.d.). GitHub Gist. Retrieved August 29, 2023, from https://gist.github.com/lukas-h/2a5d00690736b4c3a7ba

Open source license usage on GitHub.com. (2015, March 9). The GitHub Blog. Retrieved August 27, 2023, from https://github.blog/2015-03-09-open-source-license-usage-on-github-com/

Professional README Guide | The Full-Stack Blog. (2022, October 27). GitHub Pages. Retrieved August 27, 2023, from https://coding-boot-camp.github.io/full-stack/github/professional-readme-guide

Writing files with Node.js. (n.d.). NodeJS Dev. Retrieved August 28, 2023, from https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/writing-files-with-nodejs/

  ## Tests
  
 N/A

  ## License
  https://github.com/git/git-scm.com/blob/main/MIT-LICENSE.txt
  Copyright (c) 2012-2023 Scott Chacon and others

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
    a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
    "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
    without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
    distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
    permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
    the following conditions:
    
    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
    included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
    
    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
    EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
    MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
    NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
    LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
    OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
    WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

  ## Additional Questions
  github.com/sgoodsss
  Email: sarahlgoodell1@gmail.com
